Update fake-metrics via /admin/config (#531)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-sim: docs/api.md

| /health                 | Standard health check endpoint |
| /health/ready           | Ensure the GPU is "actually working" before allowing the system to send it live traffic |

The simulator also provides a `POST /fake_metrics` endpoint that supports partial updates to [fake metric](configuration.md#fake-metrics) values at runtime. This endpoint is specific to the simulator and is available only when a `--fake-metrics` configuration is provided at startup. The request body must be a JSON object containing the metrics to update; any metrics not specified are left unchanged.

> 

Reviewer: Revert this change and move the deprecation text after this with appropriate changes

- **`GET /admin/config`** returns the current configuration as JSON. Internal helper fields (`LoraModulesString`, `LorasString`) are stripped, `LoraModules` is exposed as `lora-modules`, and the per-rank `port` is omitted when running with `--data-parallel-size > 1`.
- **`POST /admin/config`** applies a partial JSON update and returns the new configuration. The request body must be a JSON object whose keys are a subset of the admin-configurable fields:
  - `failure-injection-rate` — integer in `[0, 100]`
  - `failure-types` — array of strings from `rate_limit`, `invalid_api_key`, `context_length`, `server_error`, `invalid_request`, `model_not_found`
  - `fake-metrics` — partial update of [fake metric](configuration.md#fake-metrics) values. The value is itself a JSON object containing only the metrics to change; any metrics not specified are left unchanged. Available only when the simulator was started with a `--fake-metrics` configuration.

>     Field-absent and explicit `null` are treated identically — both mean "leave unchanged". To clear a metric whose value is a slice or map (e.g. `ttft-buckets-values`, `request-success-total`), send an empty value: `[]` or `{}`. There is no way to clear a scalar metric (e.g. `running-requests`, `total-prompt-tokens`) via partial update — assign a new value instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Absent fields and fields explicitly set to `null` are treated identically — both mean "leave unchanged". To clear a metric whose value is a slice or map (e.g. `ttft-buckets-values`, `request-success-total`), send an empty value: `[]` or `{}`. There is no way to clear a scalar metric (e.g. `running-requests`, `total-prompt-tokens`) via partial update — assign a new value instead.
```

  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/admin/config \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    -d '{"failure-injection-rate": 0}'

  # Update a subset of fake metrics
  curl -X POST http://localhost:8000/admin/config \
    -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \

>     -d '{"fake-metrics": {"running-requests": 7, "kv-cache-usage": 0.5}}'

Reviewer: Updatethe word `Example:` to be `Examples:`
